README.md, before:

<p align="right"><a href="/docs/README-TR.md"><img src="/docs/flag-tr.png" alt="TR" width="50" height="50"></a></p>

![Cryptography](/img/talk.png)

Think about it, you are having a conversation where no one can understand your conversation except your friend and you. **That's so cool!** 😎

Scroll to learn **how to use it**!

**Website** : https://kamileray.github.io/cryptography/

---


### What is encryption?

- Encryption is the method by which information is converted into secret code that hides the information's true meaning. The science of encrypting and decrypting information is called _cryptography_.

- In computing, unencrypted data is also known as **_plaintext_**, and encrypted data is called **_ciphertext_**. The formulas used to encode and decode messages are called _encryption algorithms,_ or ciphers.


### What is **symmetric encryption**?

- **Symmetric encryption** uses the same key for encryption and decryption. Because it uses the same key, symmetric encryption can be more cost effective for the security it provides. That said, it is important to invest more in securely storing data when using symmetric encryption.

	![Cryptography](/img/symmetricencryption.png)


### What can I use this for?

- To gossip privately with your friends,
- Writing messages that you don't want others to see, and things like that...

---

### Everything is ok, but.. How can use this?

- That's so easy!
- The basic step you will take to create a ciphertext is, creating a **key(keyword)** with your friend(s). (But ssh! This key must be **secret** 🤫)

#### Encoding

![Cryptography](/img/ENG-1.png)

#### Decoding

![Cryptography](/img/ENG-2.png)

---

### How is it work?

![Cryptography](/img/howitswork.png)

---
---
	DEVELOPED BY: K.ERAY ÖZAYDIN

**IMPORTANT:** This encryption algorithm is not %100 secure for the most private things. It is possible for the key to fall into the hands of undesirables or (however difficult) cracked by strong password cracking algorithms.

![Cryptography](/img/AELogo.gif)

Commit message:

Updated README.md for the announce new change
New letters and symbols added
ı,ç,ş,ç,ğ,ü,!,",#,$,%,&,',(,),*,+,-,.,/,:,;,<,=,>,?,@

README.md, after:

<p align="right"><a href="/docs/README-TR.md"><img src="/docs/flag-tr.png" alt="TR" width="50" height="50"></a></p>

![Cryptography](/img/talk.png)

Think about it, you are having a conversation where no one can understand your conversation except your friend and you. **That's so cool!** 😎

Scroll to learn **how to use it**!

**Website** : https://kamileray.github.io/cryptography/

---


### What is encryption?

- Encryption is the method by which information is converted into secret code that hides the information's true meaning. The science of encrypting and decrypting information is called _cryptography_.

- In computing, unencrypted data is also known as **_plaintext_**, and encrypted data is called **_ciphertext_**. The formulas used to encode and decode messages are called _encryption algorithms,_ or ciphers.


### What is **symmetric encryption**?

- **Symmetric encryption** uses the same key for encryption and decryption. Because it uses the same key, symmetric encryption can be more cost effective for the security it provides. That said, it is important to invest more in securely storing data when using symmetric encryption.

	![Cryptography](/img/symmetricencryption.png)


### What can I use this for?

- To gossip privately with your friends,
- Writing messages that you don't want others to see, and things like that...

---

### Everything is ok, but.. How can use this?

- That's so easy!
- The basic step you will take to create a ciphertext is, creating a **key(keyword)** with your friend(s). (But ssh! This key must be **secret** 🤫)

---
- *NEW Features: There was a _160%_ increase with new letters and symbols for the best experience at large (ç,ş,ö,ğ,',%,&,?,!,0-9..)

#### Encoding

![Cryptography](/img/ENG-1.png)

#### Decoding

![Cryptography](/img/ENG-2.png)

---

### How is it work?

![Cryptography](/img/howitswork.png)

---
---
	DEVELOPED BY: K.ERAY ÖZAYDIN

**IMPORTANT:** This encryption algorithm is not %100 secure for the most private things. It is possible for the key to fall into the hands of undesirables or (however difficult) cracked by strong password cracking algorithms.

![Cryptography](/img/AELogo.gif)
